Journey of completing this project
1. Review slides at Infratify for instructions on final project
2. Create a plan to setup
    a. Create a new S3 bucket to host the terraform state files
    b. Setup gitignore and setup terraform configuration referencing Terraform 3 outputs
    c. Test terraform configuration
    d. Setup Cloudflare pages to host the static site
        d-1. Lesson learned using custom repo (not <username>.github.io) on gh will cause issues with custom domain.
    e. Setup CI to lint Terraform //TODO: lint yaml, ansible, docker?
    f. Setup Ansible configuration
        f-1. ansible installation location may influence which python interpreter it will take. If it is installed at global, overriding
             it in the ansible.cfg with interpreter_python = [another location] will not work.
        f-2. The bootcamp teaches how to use SSH connection to the created resources on AWS. However, SSM is already supported. In order to do this, the
             prerequisites are :
                a. Have the compatible python interpreter installed (python 3.xx.xx)
                b. Install AWS python dependencies (boto3 and botocore), recommended to be installed within virtual environment and override the python interpreter
                   configuration to the bin directory of that virtual environment. (may require the ansible to be installed within the virtual environment)
                c. AWS S3 bucket is configured. In this project, the S3 bucket is created together (terraform/s3.tf) instead of being manually created.
        f-3. Revisit the Terraform configuration as needed (e.g. check your Terraform Template and Terraform ansible inventory/hosts automation)
        f-4. Attempted to use Terraform userdata invocation to install Ansible dependencies and Ansible on control node but was not successful. Migrated to playbook
             instead. update_cache seems to keep crashing. May need to revisit this at a later time.
        f-5. In order to start session from a remote control node on AWS, the attached IAM role needs to have the correct role and policies. Created 3 roles so that
             each EC2 only has a specific list of roles to handle their tasks.
    g. Setup Docker Image for webserver
        g-1. Multi-stage build beings with node build
        g-2. Build nginx and copy the build output from g-1 then serve the app at port 80
        g-3. Without g-1, the nginx will only show nginx welcome page